More was never enough. I'm 86 years old and sadly. I'm basically sitting on my deathbed. I have millions of dollars in the bank Black Hand by Health to save my life. Now. I have family and millions of fans around the world, but I'm all alone now. Not even my children all along extranged wife or brother stand around my deathbed. I live my life wrong, and I don't want this to happen to you. If you listen and take evasive action. I can help you change your future. The following few moments my very well change your life and I wish someone had told me this when I was your age money is not evil by itself. It's just paper with perceived value to obtain other things we value in other ways. If not money, what is evil you may ask Evil is the unquenchable obsessive and moral bending desire for more. Evil is the bottomless Solace and obsessive-compulsive pursuit of some pot of gold at the end of some rainbow, which doesn't exist evil is having a price tag for your heart and soul in exchange for financial success. Any cost evil is trying to buy happiness again, and again until all of those fake short-lived mirages emotions are gone. Imagine having it all only to lose it all they will now broke all the money is gone. What do you have the only solution to your Madness and happiness was acquiring more now, you have no more means to acquire fake happiness. No more means to acquire more. So, who are you now? Well all the people now are you thought were your friends while the money? flowing in you might have lost your family friends. I'm mostly everyone in the world thinks you're a self-centered egotistical asshole. Why because of your endless Pursuit for more clouded your mind and diverted you from your true purpose in life. Does this hit an emotional chord in you? Did it depress or satin you I almost said good but I will say this only because I want you to change. I'm not saying you can't be financially successful. I'm saying have a greater purpose in life. Well beyond the pursuit of financial success. Your soul is screaming for you to answer your true calling. You can change the day if you redefine what success is to you you can transform your damaged relationships and build new ones. You can forgive yourself. And that is Hoover. Do you become a leader by mentoring with others who you aspire to be? Like you can rebalance your priorities in life. You can heal your marriage and recreate a stronger love than you ever thought possible. You can become the best parent possible at any age even 86 but don't wait until then you'll always be able to make more money, but you cannot make more time one day just like me you'll die, too. What do you want to be remembered for? What can you do for others to make the world a better place? What is your true purpose on this Earth? We are all dying. But only a small select few truly live in you can step out of the Shadows into the light. You were meant for greatness you all men for more than just what you do for a living. You are an eternal being meant to inspire and help the world. Let's get it right once and for all in this lifetime today, you step into the world where true love exists and you finally realize that love in fact is the more you wanted your whole life. Just love more and more every day in every way and never give up. Regardless of how challenging your destiny in life will be the world really needs you now more than ever together with love compassion forgiveness and faith in humanity. We will defeat evil once and for all.
